CSSOM_view module page (#38276)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/layout_viewport/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> The **layout viewport** is the {{glossary("viewport")}} into which the browser draws a web page. Essentially, it represents what is available to be seen, while the {{Glossary("visual viewport")}} represents what is visible on the user's display device; the currently visible portion of the layout viewport.

Author: ```suggestion
The **layout viewport** is the {{glossary("viewport")}} into which the browser draws a web page. Essentially, it represents what is available to be seen, whereas the {{Glossary("visual viewport")}} represents the currently visible portion of the layout viewport, the currently visible subsection of the layout viewport that is currently visible on the user's display device.
```
